Add pre-seeded Docker services and setup configuration coverage for full testing setup (#2639)
maykinmedia/open-inwoner: docs/installation/docker-compose.rst

eHerkenning    http://localhost:8000/eherkenning-oidc/authenticate/  any eHerkenning test user
eIDAS          http://localhost:8000/eidas-oidc/authenticate/        any eIDAS test user
=============  ====================================================  ===============================================

See ``docker/keycloak/README.md`` for the full list of test users (DigiD
machtigen, eHerkenning bewindvoering/vestiging, eIDAS natural
person/company, etc.) and which claims each one carries.

The realm's SSO session lifetimes are deliberately short (``ssoSessionIdleTimeout``:
60s, ``ssoSessionMaxLifespan``: 5 minutes) so that switching between the test
users listed in ``docker/keycloak/README.md`` reliably prompts for a fresh
login instead of silently reusing whichever user is still logged in at
Keycloak. If you need to switch users faster than that, log out at Keycloak
(or use a private/incognito window) rather than relying on the timeout alone
-- a still-active session is reused with no prompt at all.

Testing OpenTelemetry Observability
===================================

``bin/stack.sh up`` (see :ref:`installation_docker_compose_full_stack` above)

> already includes the observability stack and enables ``OTEL_SDK_DISABLED``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
already includes the observability stack and sets ``OTEL_SDK_DISABLED`` to False
```
